chore: rework nonces (#1210) (#1331)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/aztec/protocol/trees/trees.mdx

The Private Kernel circuit will modify this `note_hash` further, before it is inserted into the tree. It will:

- Silo the commitment, to prevent cross-contamination of this contract's state variables with other contracts' state variables:
  `siloed_note_hash: Field = hash(note_hash, contract_address);`
- Ensure uniqueness of the commitment, by hashing it with a nonce

>   `unique_siloed_note_hash: Field = hash(siloed_note_hash, new_nullifier);`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `unique_siloed_note_hash: Field = hash(siloed_note_hash, nonce);`, where `nonce: Field = hash(new_nullifiers[0], index)`, where `index` is the position of the new note hash in all new note hashes.
```
